Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.Welcome! You have reached my professional website at the Università degli Studi di Firenze where I am Associate Professor in the Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell’Informazione (DINFO). My research spans a broad spectrum of computer vision, image processing and machine learning. I have worked, well…, just about everywhere. On this page you will find some of my recent publications, some of my research projects, and information about the courses I teach. This page is very much a work-in-progress.